# Preface

Ration, logic, the cybernetic space, like rails guiding our steps. Those trakcers watching out like our own humble brohther would do, or even omre effective, precise, accurate, and visionary forcasting possible dangers and success, warning us of failure, helping us to foster profits, master relationships, and coexistence with friends, colleagues or enemies alike. Our world in little, as well the global system in meta is bound to written, unspoken and continiously changing narratives. From primitve reaction based learning processes we made our world a hyper complicated and interconnected environment. From stones and stones laws, to stone print, and stoning law enforcement, to beheading on a stone, to silizium sand, to gravestones. From beatung bats, to firewood and spears and humble buddhist print and cat, and pencil arcitects delight to lasercut. It seems like we managed to *intelligize* almost any material on this known world to help or transport our knowledge, our given social rules. 

Humanity (an idea of our mind in an understanding of being part of a greater unity prior to the transhumanist ideas) also started to go beyond and construct based upon simple technologies by far more complex abstractions or as some would call it definitions. We are able to communicate entities that literally have no body but the power to be harder to remove and more persistent than the mysterius exculibur, also an abstraction related to the stone methaphor. We managed to merge virtual and physical world, yet we fail to connnect the digital and industrial world with the natural resources we inherited. Our mind, as Goether referred to as Geist goes far beyond our body. It requires external fueling to be kept alive. There is a variety of possibel mistakes in invention that led up to our current status quo. For example during the introduction of memory, which as a theoretical concept consists of reader, writer and preserver. The latter one wasn't able to realize, yet the economic demand pushed the development and unleashed this technology to form the base of our digital consciousness - examplary for the unsustainability of our thinking decision making process.

In the course of this book {{the author}} will try to remark various further examples of originally extremly wise concepts that upon initialisation turned into buggy nightmares that generations of {{users|clients|citizen}} and {{suppliers|producers|developers}} have to deal with. {{The author}} has developed a personal fetish on idiocraties for enjoyment and pleasure. One may concider those things jokes, yet the joke is with those that give birth to these, let's simply call them taradox (technological paradoxes), and leave ever bigger "jokes" to future generations.

But this shall not be the concern of this text, yet it is trying to find a way of thinking, development that unites concepts of reason and logic with those unreasonable. Geist and Körper and Space. Us in us that surrounds us. The rational academic me in the body bound to the lawes of nature within the ever changing boundaries of social exchange with every"thing".

/* 

Part of this text is translated and extended from the authors diploma thesis, back than written in German for unexplainable reasons. The author will leave those sections untranslateable as is, since choosing a languge has major influence on the strategy of thought - so does choosing language for thought as Monkeys decided not to develop language. Nevertheless those initial thoughts and analysis were about the nature of presets, a technocratic vocabulary that made its way into our culture, almost unnoticibly for they have been aesthetically outlawed, yet shape the majority of "our" production.

Other sections are thought throught snippets from exhibitions and a collection of "instable casual reasoning".
The text is ordered and categorized by keywords rather than chapters. Some are interludes, random statistics and individual archaic darma form, freeform paragraphs and listings for tutorials. {{The author}} attempts to use the vast variety of available language and explainatory imagery to illustrate the issue as clear as nessecarily possible to be googleable and [unreadable]. Each solution has void-void for comments, void for rest.

May only a few be offended, and those that are, shall not sue {{the author}} or take it personal for the text is yet another virtual entity, that by not thinking about it ceases existence in ablinz.

{{The author}}, South Korea 9/2013

*/
